New abilities first commit (#36)
GameBrains/er-core: modules/experimental/pages/tank-destroyer.adoc

= Tank Destroyer

`Data sheet modifier`

These units are specially adapted from their original design, to replace their main armament with a more potent anti-armour capability.

[NOTE.e40k]
====

> This data sheet modifier ability has been replaced with the more flexible {has-super-heavy-weapon} ability.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We've replaced this ability with the more flexible {has-macro-weapon} ability.
```
